README.md, before:

# SuperBrave Frontend Search Component

## Project setup

```
yarn add @superbrave/dok-search-vue
```

## Webpack Config

```js
import Vue from "vue"; // Make sure to install Vue first
import { dokSearchHeader, dokSearchDetail } from "@superbrave/dok-search-vue"; // Import the components
```

Import the CSS. This can be done in JS or CSS

```css
import '@superbrave/dok-search-vue/dist/sbdoksearch.css'
```

Now you can create a new Vue instance and add the components

```js
// For the Search Header
new Vue({
  el: "#dokSearchHeader",
  components: {
    SearchHeader: dokSearchHeader,
  },
});

// For the Detail page
new Vue({
  el: "#dokSearchDetail",
  components: {
    SearchDetail: dokSearchDetail,
  },
});
```

Example HTML:

```html
<!-- For the Search Header -->
<div id="dokSearchHeader">
  <search-header env="dev" language="nl" />
</div>

<!-- For the Detail page -->
<div id="dokSearchDetail">
  <search-detail env="dev" language="nl" />
</div>
```

| Parameter  | Required | Default      | Info                                                |
| ---------- | -------- | ------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| `language` | Yes      | `''`         | ISO 639-1 language code                             |
| `env`      | No       | `production` | Options: `dev`, `test`, `acceptance`, `production`. |

\* Please note that this combination wil determine the AppSearch engine so results may vary due to the chosen `env` mode and the `language`.

# Development

### Build the CommonJS module

```
yarn module
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
yarn lint
```

### Serve the module

```
yarn serve
```

### Run tests

Unit test will always run before pushing to git

```
yarn test:unit
```

Commit message:

wp-62 - Dynaic search detail page url

README.md, after:

# SuperBrave Frontend Search Component

## Project setup

```
yarn add @superbrave/dok-search-vue
```

## Webpack Config

```js
import Vue from "vue"; // Make sure to install Vue first
import { dokSearchHeader, dokSearchDetail } from "@superbrave/dok-search-vue"; // Import the components
```

Import the CSS. This can be done in JS or CSS

```css
import '@superbrave/dok-search-vue/dist/sbdoksearch.css'
```

Now you can create a new Vue instance and add the components

```js
// For the Search Header
new Vue({
  el: "#dokSearchHeader",
  components: {
    SearchHeader: dokSearchHeader,
  },
});

// For the Detail page
new Vue({
  el: "#dokSearchDetail",
  components: {
    SearchDetail: dokSearchDetail,
  },
});
```

Example HTML:

```html
<!-- For the Search Header -->
<div id="dokSearchHeader">
  <search-header env="dev" language="nl" detailUri="/search" />
</div>

<!-- For the Detail page -->
<div id="dokSearchDetail">
  <search-detail env="dev" language="nl" />
</div>
```

| Parameter   | Required | Default      | Info                                                                                      |
| ----------- | -------- | ------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `language`  | Yes      | `''`         | ISO 639-1 language code                                                                   |
| `env`       | No       | `production` | Options: `dev`, `test`, `acceptance`, `production`.                                       |
| `detailUri` | No       | `''`         | The URL of the search detail page. Example: `/search` Only available in the Search Header |

\* Please note that this combination wil determine the AppSearch engine so results may vary due to the chosen `env` mode and the `language`.

# Development

### Build the CommonJS module

```
yarn module
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
yarn lint
```

### Serve the module

```
yarn serve
```

### Run tests

Unit test will always run before pushing to git

```
yarn test:unit
```
